Welcome to the AIH brand story boot
camp. I'm Sarah Ashley and I'm so happy
we're here together. Go ahead and get
locked in with a coffee or tea and be
ready to take notes. By the time we're
done with this video, you'll be able to
take meaningful action that will give
you clarity, ideas, and motivation.
So, first off, why are you here? You're
probably here because you realize that
AI is here to stay and that generative
AI has in fact leveled the playing
field. Your voice is the only true
differentiator that people recognize,
trust, and can act on. And after all,
your voice is how your audience knows
that you know it's you. In terms of AI,
we can't put the rabbit back in the hat,
but we can optimize how we use it. What
you put into AI matters more than what
comes out of it. And that's one of the
key principles of this boot camp. If you
want to have a great brand story in the
age of AI, if you want to be able to
free up your time and actually use AI
tools to your advantage, then you have
to get clear on your story, your voice,
and your message.
Now, I'll answer some big questions you
might have first, and then show you how
to create an AI age brand story. Then
I'll show you the first step you can
take today to see fast results and take
quick action. No, it's not a paid
course, but for full transparency, I
will present an offer at the end. But if
you're serious about this, stay until
the end and I'll give you a $399 bonus
for free. And you'll also get all the
other free resources that I'll mention
throughout the video, regardless if you
join the paid or not. So, it's honestly
a huge win either way if you stick
around.
Now,
truthfully,
so many business owners keep themselves
from success. I've personally thought I
didn't need a brand voice or a brand
story. I've pushed my messaging and
story aside because I told myself I
didn't have time. So, if you feel seen
on this slide, good because I've been
there, too. But I want us to imagine a
different scenario for a moment where we
feel empowered. You don't need to be a
big company to have a brand voice or
brand story. That's just a false
narrative, right? You're creating your
story, your tone, your message, whether
you realize it or not, no matter how big
your business is, whether it's one
person or a thousand. So, why not do it
with some intentionality?
Most people also come to me and say,
"I'm not a writer. I really struggle
with talking about what I do. I don't
know how to get the words out of my
head. Well, I would like to offer a
perspective shift that you don't need to
be a writer at all. What you just need
is a system and the right mindset shift
that can help you get there. Right? And
with that system, that mindset shift,
the time you spend today workshopping
your content, your message, your voice,
your story will make everything you do
three times more effective to where you
don't need to spend more time trying to
figure it out. Figure it all out. It's
just going to be done. And that's
whether you're doing it yourself or if
you're using AI tools or maybe you even
have a team that you're trying to hand
more, you know, messaging and um story
work to as well. either way.
But really, who am I anyway? And why
should you listen to a random person on
the internet? Um, well, allow me to
reintroduce myself. My name is Sarah
Ashley. I'm the CEO of Portal CopyCo.
I've been brand messaging and
copywriting expert for six years now.
Wow, that seems like a long time,
actually. I've led a lot of brand
launches. I've developed voice,
messaging, and style guides for dozens
of companies. Um, I've helped literally
over 570 company companies with
copywriting, branding, messaging, all
that good stuff. I've helped them build
clear, consistent, revenue driving
messaging frameworks that support
everything that they're doing, like from
their first Instagram post to their 100
sales page. So, I definitely know what
I'm talking about in this area, and it's
honestly so fun. And I genuinely enjoy
what I do. I genuinely enjoy helping
people and supporting business owners
across every stage of their journey.
It's super fun and rewarding and I get
to pass on some of that excitement to
you because we are going to learn so
much together in this short amount of
time. So here is this 30 minute boot
camp agenda. We're touching on four
pillars of brand story in the AI era all
in under 30 minutes so that you will
walk away with information to use and
implement from here on out. So, we're
going to start by touching on how to
distill an unforgettable brand voice.
We'll map your customers conversion
journey and just talk about the
conversion journey if you're unfamiliar
with it and then talk about how to turn
your ideas into premium content um
without spending a lot of time on it.
and then talking about a plug-and-play
content calendar and how to go about
ideating and building that for yourself.
And you'll also get a free messaging
audit plus the bonuses. So, very
exciting. Okay, here's the part where
you can take action today. And here's
how you can do it. If you haven't
already, go download the free brand
messaging playbook. It should be in your
email that you received um once you
submitted the form that you saw. Um it's
it's a download link, so just go ahead
and grab it. It's a PDF. Don't worry
about filling it all in right now,
though. Just make sure you have it
either printed or open in your browser.
For my people that like to print out
their workbooks and worksheets and
whatnot, there is line space to write
on. And for my digital people, you
should be able to write or type on the
lines as well. So, either way, just make
sure you have it open and available as
we're kind of brainstorming. You might
get a great idea that you want to jot
down and, you know, hold on to it. So,
it's yours to keep no matter what. So go
ahead and get it and if you're having
trouble download it downloading it just
email me hello@portalcopyco.com
and I will resend it to you. So let's
get right into it with the first pillar
which is distilling an unforgettable
brand voice.
Now,
when people read your content or they
hear you speak at a panel or at a
podcast or anything where you are
presenting yourself to people, they
should instantly recognize you or at
least get a thought in their head like,
"Oh, wait, that's, you know, something,
you know, Sarah would say or that sounds
like sounds like Sarah." Right? Your
brain voice is in essence a combination
of your tones or your tone, excuse me,
your values and your vocabulary.
Now, your tone can be playful, bold,
serene, direct, confident, very
emotionally driven, empathetic, very
spicy even, dare I say. But your tone is
what sets the mood to communicate the
best with your audience. Whenever you're
telling your brand story, whenever
you're conveying your message, right?
Whenever you are speaking in, you know,
even a social media post or, you know,
whatever it is, it is that like
emotional connection, right? Or it helps
create that emotional connection. In
terms of vocabulary,
identify key terms that you use or
phrases. For example, I use the phrase
greetings a lot. So, like whenever I'm
talking to people or whenever I'm
starting a YouTube video or something,
um, I I throw the word greetings in
there. And there's certain little
phrases and nuances and things that I
say that's part of my key vocabulary
that has helped define and cultivate my
brand voice over time. Right? You might
even have a catchphrase that you say
that's part of your part of your brand
voice and that's integral to maybe an
idea that you're trying to get across.
Right?
Whenever you are uh distilling your
brand voice, you're really fine-tuning
it and figuring out what your voice is.
I encourage you to anchor your voice on
your values. So for example this this
component of values is let's say you are
a very empathetic person you're very
passionate about philanthropy
environmentalism
etc. Those would be your personal core
values that mean a lot to you that is
you know going to stick with you no
matter what.
So you would anchor your voice on those
values. So your voice would probably
naturally become more empathetic,
sympathetic, more attuned like to like
societal shifts and the culture and
things that are going on in the world,
right? And your your voice and how you
speak and write would you know match
that. So three quick prompts to
brainstorm your voice in real time. I
encourage you to ask yourself, if my
brand were a person, who would it sound
like? Maybe it's an influencer, maybe
it's a celebrity, maybe it's someone in
your personal life that you really look
up to. Who would it be? And write that
down.
Also, what are three words your best
clients would use to describe you? Or if
you don't have clients, maybe it's your
friend or a mentor or someone that
you're very close with, a partner. How
would they describe you? And then what
would what do you always say and never
say? There are certain phrases that I
would just never say and I know I would
never say them. I can't think of them
off the top of my head, but when I hear
other people speak and say those words,
I'm like, "Yeah, I would never say
that." And it's not necessarily a bad
word. It's just little nuances. For
example, like I tend to not gravitate
towards like silly language or
verbiages. I try to be more, you know,
empowering, inspiring, confident, but
also kind of I can be a little cheeky
and playful as well. So, think about
that. Brainstorm. Maybe write down a
list of five things you always say and
five things that you never say or you
wouldn't say.
And to make this process easier for you,
try to use past client testimonials or
your own DMs. Again, if you don't have
client testimonials, you can just look
through your DMs with people and pay
attention to how you word things. Pay
attention to how other people respond to
you and maybe if they have any feedback
about what you're saying or what you're
doing. I actually have like a notes list
of feedback that I've gotten from people
on social media about my content and how
I speak. Can I go the extra mile to ask
them, hey, like what did you think of
this or what was it about my, you know,
content that resonated with you or what
was it about, you know, this post that I
created or anything written, right? Ask
for feedback. And switching gears for a
second, understanding your customer
conversion journey is super important
because you are implementing
your voice and your speaking in your
voice to everyone at different stages of
their journey with your brand. Right?
And this is a this is one of the basic
marketing principles is the idea of a
funnel where people start in an
awareness stage they move to
consideration then to decision making
and then to loyalty hopefully at the end
once they've purchased um or invested
with your business. So every great
message meets your audience where they
are emotionally and logically which goes
back to your voice. And when your
content speaks to their stage in the
journey, it helps nurture them and
convert them through the funnel towards
that loyalty stage. Right? So in the
awareness stage, you might have more of
a broad message and your story might
come across more broad. For example, as
a copywriter, instead of talking about
how to write a sales page, I might talk
about what is copywriting and what is a
sales page because that's more
awareness. That's more general
knowledge, right? It's going to reach
more people, right? And then
consideration and decision get more and
more specific. Think about the last time
you were considering buying from a brand
or um you know investing in a service,
right? You went through this stage of
one recognizing that they even exist in
the first place and two asking yourself,
how can this help me? Like what am I
going to get out of it? And you probably
did a lot of research. You probably, you
know, looked at customer reviews,
testimonials. Maybe there's an
influencer that you really look up to
and you look to see if they had any
opinions or have used this product or
service before and then you made that
final decision. Okay, is this worth it?
And if you did, then you did and you're
like, now what's next? You know,
and you either become a loyal customer
or you know, you probably never use that
product again or you might give them
another try. You just weren't sure. So,
these are all stages of a funnel that
happen for every single person. For me,
for you, for Linda down the street,
don't know you, Linda, but you get what
I'm saying. It's happening for everyone.
And in terms of loyalty, what businesses
can do to really encourage loyalty after
the fact is reward referral and
affiliate programs. Those are really um
popular and simple ways to just go the
extra mile. And considering this entire
customer conversion journey,
take a second and maybe map out what
awareness looks like for you. What does
consideration and decision and loyalty
look like for you? How are people
finding you in the awareness stage? Are
they finding you on Tik Tok? Are they
finding you on YouTube? Where exactly
are they going to find you? And write it
down. And if you're a mind if you're a
mind map person, I would even mock up
like, you know, a mind map, you can use
um whiteboards in Canva or even just get
a physical whiteboard and draw it out,
right, with arrows going to each stage.
Consideration. What are you creating to
help them consider you more heavily?
Right? Do you present a lot of proof
points? Do you present a lot of case
studies?
What is out there on the internet that
can help me more easily choose you?
And what can help me connect with you to
encourage me choosing you, if that makes
sense. And throughout all of this, tie
in your voice. Your voice is going to be
key. And you might speak a little bit
differently to each stage um in the
customer conversion journey as well. So,
that's a lot. We can go deeper into
that, but
let's move on to pillar three, which
ties in your voice, ties in the stages
of the customer conversion journey,
content.
The best content starts in your notes
app. And I will tell you right now, I
have probably
1,200 notes in my notes app. So, I have
so many notes. Um, literally every time
I get an idea, if I'm driving, boom,
notes app. Well, voice to voice to text.
Of course, I'm not texting. Um, if I'm
in the shower, you know, quick, hey
Google, like remind me about blah blah
blah blah blah. Um,
and then I'll go and take that reminder
and make it into a note or something.
But there's just so many different ways
you can capture your ideas when you're
on the go, when you have them in the
moment, right? And honestly, some of my
best ideas come to me when I'm just
walking around outside, when I'm going
for a daily walk. Right? Your ideas are
golden. So, capture them.
If you have a lot of ideas, you just
need a structure that turns those into
posts and captions
quicker, right? How do you go from idea
to done and finished and posted, right?
I encourage you to follow this quick
system. Like I said, using voice notes,
um your notes app. If you don't have a
notes app on your phone, download one.
You can get a notes app on your
computer, too. Um I have a Windows
computer and I use the I think it's just
called notes. Let me see. What is it
called? Yeah, sticky notes. It's a
Windows app. So you can download that
and use it and it puts actual sticky
notes on your desktop.
If you have client calls,
use those to source your content, right?
Use those to get ideas. Listen to those.
Even if you have a lot of conversations
with your significant others, friends,
whatever, refer back to those
conversations to get ideas for your
content to help quicken the process of
creating it, right? Instead of just
sitting there and thinking, "Wow, I have
no idea what to post." You have content
ideas all around you. You have messaging
ideas all around you. Avoid writing from
scratch. Like I said, start from a
prompt. Don't forget to get the 15
prompts for content, messaging, and
marketing in the video description. Just
make a copy of the Google sheet and you
can have those and use them. Put those
into chat GPT, Claw, Gemini, whatever it
is, and fill them out because they're
just templates. Um, they're great
templates. and use that to help you at
least get a start. You're going to want
to weave in your your brand voice, your
brand story, of course, into the
prompts. So, I encourage you to really
workshop and have an idea of how you
want to sound and your story and your
messaging first and then use the
prompts. And of course, you'll have to
refine it, refined um refine the output
to be more aligned with what you want,
but it's at least a good starting point,
right?
And then edit with your brand tone in
mind. Of course, like I just said,
everything should filter through the
lens of your tone, your voice, your
story, your core message and idea that
you really want to get across to people.
And you might not realize it, but um
even influencers do this. Even people
you watch on social media, they
typically have some lens that they're
filtering their content through and it
just looks effortless and feels
effortless because they've done it so
many times to where they they can get
that result. And you can too. You just
have to practice. Here's an example for
how you could repurpose using the hook
value action um format for one content
piece. You can use a voice note and turn
that into a voice over with a real like
use B-roll for the footage and use the
voice note as the um the audio. You
could turn that into a um a caption for
like an Instagram post. You could turn
that into an email newsletter that you
send as well. You could also use your
brand story and turn that into um a
thread on X or threads.
You could turn that into a whole blog
post to feature on your website or even
break it down to into a high impact
premium Instagram carousel. So, there's
so many ways that you can repurpose your
ideas. You should also get a notes app
that allows you to have folders. So, in
mine, I have a folder called content
ideas.
And every time I get an idea for content
or um I get a story idea related to my
brand, like a story to share, I drop it
into my content ideas folder on my phone
and I can just have everything there as
like a little, you know, bucket of
things all in one place, which is super
helpful to stay organized. When you have
1,200 notes on your phone, you got to
stay organized. But going back to
creating a plug-and-play content
calendar,
I encourage you to
remember that consistency builds
recognition, but only if your content is
built around your mission and audience
while anchoring itself on your brand
story and your brand voice. Right? And
these four pieces of the pie here are
all different ways you can create a
plug-and-play content calendar. And
these are different content types that
you can mix and match to create content.
So, for example, your process. What does
it look like to work with you? What does
it look like to buy your product if
you're a productbased business?
What is um your point of view? What do
you believe and why? Which goes back to
your brand story. What do you believe?
What caused you to believe this? How did
you come to believe this? And why did
that happen? and turn that into a story
within itself that ties your brand
around it. Proof, testimonials, client
outcomes, feature a case study, show
people that real people trust you.
Especially in an AI age, your
personality is super important to put
out into the world. Think about like
behind the scenes moments. And honestly,
just you vibing and talking about things
to the camera and putting your face out
there and just expressing yourself is
really important for people to build
that emotional bridge and connect with
you. And here's a quick system to
follow. Choose at least three days a
week to show up. If if three days is
like too much for you and you know that
that's your limit and it's going to
demotivate you, then maybe do two days a
week. But find your limit. find your max
and do that to show up consistently and
rotate your content pillars as you're
showing up. So maybe Monday you post
about what it looks like to work with
you. Um Wednesday you post about your um
like a client case study and a win that
you just help someone achieve. And then
on you know Friday you post what you're
doing for the weekend and it's a
personality moment. And if it's a and if
you have a product based business, you
could just take a product based spin on
that. Show someone using your product.
Um on Monday and on Wednesday, show why
you created the product and then on
Friday show yourself, you know, actually
using your own product maybe. And then
you can also batch and repurpose your
content. You don't have to just come up
with one idea for one reel, another idea
for an Instagram carousel, and then
another idea for a Tik Tok. You can use
the same idea and just spin it in
different ways to maximize your time and
effort, which sounds like a lot, but
once you build a system and you have a
messaging framework and you have a
story, right, you have a voice that you
you can just tap into and lock into, it
becomes a lot easier to just create
content and create whatever it is you
need need to create when you have this
um in place. And even if you're using
AI, you must have this in place.
Otherwise, you're going to get some
generic AI copy and content. It's just
not going to hit and it's not going to
feel authentic or you're going to be
wondering, you know, is this good or
not. So, don't wor about it. Don't let
yourself have to wonder about it. As a
thank you for sticking with me so far
and also to keep the action going, I'm
giving away one free mini messaging
audit to everyone who made it this far
in the video. Yay. This is so amazing.
You can pick one page on your website,
one social media post, one email, one
landing page, etc. You get the gist.
Just one thing and I will comb it to see
how your brand story or messaging is
helping you grow or not. Then I'll send
you the audit in an email. You won't
need to show up for a call or anything.
It's not live. I'll email it to you. So
definitely claim your audit since it's
free. The link is in the description.
So, just click the link to claim your
messaging audit. And this is a $399
audit that I usually do for people and
you're getting it for literally zero.
Zero.
So, definitely take advantage of that.
Now, I want to respect your time. I know
there's at least several more hours of
information on this topic. We could go
into it so deep and that's why I'm
inviting you to the full 4-week AIH
brand story boot camp. This is that
offer I mentioned, but give me a minute
to go over it and what's included in the
program. Trust me, it is worth your time
to at least hear me out. And after that,
you can decide if you want to continue
on your own or have my guidance every
step of the way as you're creating your
messaging and you're fine-tuning your
brand voice and your brand story. And
again, you're getting not only this
video, but you're also getting the free
messaging playbook, which is in your
email. You're getting the 15 messaging
and marketing and content prompts. It's
in the video description. So, go make a
copy of those. And you're getting the
free mini 15minute messaging audit
regardless. So, huge win for you. Don't
forget to claim the messaging audit in
the link in the description and get your
prompts. It's all in the description.
This 30 minute boot camp is only the
beginning honestly of what you can learn
inside the full 4-week AIH brand story
boot camp. It's self-paced which means
you can go through the modules and
videos on your own time. You'll get live
hot seat Q&A calls twice a week for four
weeks where you can brainstorm in real
time and ask questions and leave with
the most clarity you've had in years.
the live hot seat Q&A calls alone, the
value, I usually charge 250 per call.
So, you can do the math. Um, and because
I want this to be the most accessible to
everyone who's serious about their
business, it's packed with literally
over $2,000 worth of value. Like,
seriously, it there's so much value in
here, but it's only $499.
And yes, there are payment plan options
available. I'm pretty sure with the
payment um processor that I use, you
could split it into two or into three or
four payments, or you can pay in full.
It's up to you. By the end of week four,
you're going to get your messaging
dialed in for good. I promise. You'll
also get a plug-and-play custom GPT
template to use with your Chat GPT
subscription if you have one, as well as
messaging prompts for email sequences,
sales landing pages, social media posts,
so much more. And to make sure everyone
gets personalized onetoone attention
from Wah, I'm only bringing 10 people
into the boot camp at this investment
level. And I'm serious about that. Price
will go up once those 10 spots are taken
just to make sure everyone gets the most
attention, the most value, the most
support. Like, this is going to be a
really personal boot camp. So, I'd love
to support you on your journey. to get
first dibs. Be sure to join the email
wait list linked in the video
description. I will send you an email
when registration opens so you can save
your seed ASAP. So, it's all in the
description. Go ahead and click it. Get
on the email wait list immediately
because once I send the email out to
everyone, um, whoever joins first gets
in at that price and then it'll close or
go up depending on how many people join.
So, I know a lot of people are going to
join. and I've already had three people
interested right now. Um, so I would
definitely take advantage of it. But
until then, I really hope you found this
helpful. Genuinely, I put a lot of work
and effort into this because I just want
to give back. I see people asking
questions all the time. How can I get my
messaging right? How can I get my, you
know, social storytelling right? So,
yeah, I hope this was helpful and don't
forget to take advantage of the
freebies. So until then,
keep building a life without limits and
I will see you later. So bye-bye.